I'm going to see my dad
I haven't seen him since my parents got divorced
Because he hurt our mother too deeply back then
Our mother almost jumped off the building back then
So I swear
Never see you again
Then why did you go again?
Because of you.
Don't put everything on my head
No, it's really you.
Tell me about it.
My dad's lawyer has been contacting me for the last year
Said he was not in good health and didn't have much time
The only regret is that no one inherited a pile of family property
That's why I've been looking for me
But I can't lose my opportunity for that money
But then I gave in because of you
What because of me
You say your personality
Maybe one day the lawyer's license will be revoked
How can I support you if I don't have any money in my hand?
So I bowed to my dad
Who let him have money in his hands?
In case something happens to you
I can still fish you out with money
Humph
Get up, get up, get up, oh, husband, does it hurt? I'll rub it for you. Don't you blame me for not having integrity?
I care more about you thinking of me
that
Do you need a reward?
What are you doing?
I knelt for a long time just now
I want to move
Is that okay?
Hey